Update creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork.md (#29316)
github/docs: content/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork.md

  - Pull requests
shortTitle: Create a PR from a fork
---

> If your pull request compares your topic branch with a branch in the upstream repository as the base branch, then your topic branch is also called the "compare branch" of the pull request.
> 
> - Your topic branch (also known as “feature branch”) is the branch where you’re making your changes in your forked repository. For example, `my-topic-branch`.
> 
> - The base branch is the branch in the upstream (central) repository that you want to merge your changes into. For example, `main`. 
> 
> Since the pull request compares the topic branch (`my-topic-branch`) with the base branch (`main`), the topic branch is also known as the “compare branch” of the pull request. 
> 
> For more information about pull request branches, including examples, see "[AUTOTITLE](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request#changing-the-branch-range-and-destination-repository)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pull request compares your topic branch with a branch in the upstream repository as the base branch, then your topic branch is also called the "compare branch" of the pull request.

For example:
- Your topic branch (also known as “feature branch”) is the branch where you’re making your changes in your forked repository (e.g. `my-topic-branch`).
- The base branch is the branch in the upstream (central) repository that you want to merge your changes into (e.g. `main`).
- The pull request compares the changes proposed by the topic branch (`my-topic-branch`) with the base branch (`main`), so `my-topic-branch` is known as the “compare branch”.

For more information about pull request branches, including examples, see "[AUTOTITLE](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request#changing-the-branch-range-and-destination-repository)."
```

Hoping this commit fixes the failing test (and makes a small tweak to wording)
